Update ingest-data-managed-identity.md (#2265)
MicrosoftDocs/dataexplorer-docs: data-explorer/ingest-data-managed-identity.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> * When using Managed Identities to ingest data with the C# SDK, you must provide a blob size in `StorageSourceOptions`. If the size is not set, the SDK attempts to fill in the blob size by accessing the storage account, resulting in a failure.

> > * The *size* parameter should be the raw (uncompressed) data size, and not necessarily the blob size.
> > * If you do not know the size at the time of ingestion, you may provide a value of zero (0). The service will attempt to discover the size using the managed identity for authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * The *size* parameter should be the raw (uncompressed) data size, and not the blob size.
> * If you do not know the size at the time of ingestion, specify a value of zero (0). The service will attempt to discover the size using the managed identity for authentication.
```
